Add Document controller documentation (#32)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/controllers/document/replace/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: ReplaceAsync
description: Replaces a document.
---

# ReplaceAsync

Replaces the content of an existing document.

## Arguments

```csharp
public async Task<JObject> ReplaceAsync(
  string index, string collection, string id, JObject content, bool waitForRefresh = false );

```

<br/>

| Argument     | Type                                 | Description                           |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| `index`      | <pre>string</pre>        | Index name                            |
| `collection` | <pre>string</pre>        | Collection name                       |
| `id`         | <pre>string</pre>        | Document ID                           |
| `document`   | <pre>JObject</pre>        | JObject representing the document |

> | `waitForRefresh`   | <pre>bool</pre><br/>(`false`)       | If `true`, waits for the change to be reflected for `search` (up to 1s)           |

Reviewer: (nitpicking) I prefer the newest description for that option, as seen in the API documentation:

```suggestion
| `waitForRefresh`   | <pre>bool</pre><br/>(`false`)       | if `true`, Kuzzle will not respond until the newly replaced document is indexed  |
```

If you approve of that change, then obviously this must be propagated to all `waitForRefresh` descriptions.
